Add a section about integrating collaboration plugins in the angular app (#5641)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/frameworks/angular.md

	If you cannot set the target higher than `es5`, try to set `"buildOptimizer": false` which will produce a bigger, but correct production build.
</info-box>

> ### Using editor with collaboration plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the editor with collaboration plugins
```

> The easiest way to integrate collaboration plugins in the Angular application is to create a custom build first and later import it from the Angular application - see [Using a custom CKEditor 5 build](#using-a-custom-ckeditor-5-build).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to integrate {@link features/collaboration collaboration plugins} in an Angular application is to create a custom build first and later import it from the Angular application &mdash; see [Using a custom CKEditor 5 build](#using-a-custom-ckeditor-5-build).
```

> For such scenario we provide a few ready-to-use integrations featuring the collaborative editing in Angular applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such scenario we provide a few ready-to-use integrations featuring collaborative editing in Angular applications:
```

- [CKEditor 5 with real-time collaboration features](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-collaboration-samples/tree/master/real-time-collaboration-for-angular)

- [CKEditor 5 with the track changes feature](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-collaboration-samples/tree/master/track-changes-for-angular)

> It is not mandatory to build applications on top of the above samples, however, they should provide a feeling of how to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not mandatory to build applications on top of the above samples, however, they should help you get started.
```
